# Kid-Learning-Box
   It's never too early to start your child's education. Preschoolers, kindergarteners and older kids are eager to learning their English (Vowel, Consonant – words and sentences), Math (Addition, Subtraction, Multipel, Division and more)! The most attractive things are even odd game and multiplication table. The best way to encourage that is to share smart, well-made educational application and games with them on a daily basis.  Kids Learning Box that will teach your child plays, including: • English - Learn Vowel and Consonant. • Vowel - Children can build their knowledge which one vowel and its words      with sentences.  • Consonant - Children can build their knowledge which one consonant and its words with sentences. • Adding Fun – Input two numbers and tap addition button and see the correct answer. • Subtracting Fun - Input two numbers and tap subtraction button and see the correct answer. • Multipel Fun - Input two numbers and tap multipel button and see the correct answer. • Division Fun - Input two numbers and tap division button and see the correct answer. • Even Odd game - See how much your child has improved in their mathematics skills for finding even or odd numbers. • Multiplication Table - See how much your child has improved in their mathematics skills for multiplication.  When kids can play while they're learning, they're much more likely to recall information. It also makes them want to learn more frequently, which will give them a huge boost when they start kindergarten.
